 # Filename Suggestion AI

## Description
Filename Suggestion AI is a Python application designed to assist users in generating file names based on the content of existing files. It supports processing either a single file or an entire directory, applying optional filtering by file extension. The application interacts with an API to generate filename suggestions using artificial intelligence.

> Only working for LM Studio.

## Usage
To use Filename Suggestion AI, follow these steps:
1. Install the required Python packages by running `pip install -r requirements.txt`.
2. Set up your environment variables and configuration settings as needed (refer to the Configuration section for details).
3. Run the script using `python main.py` or execute it from your IDE.
4. Use command-line arguments to specify the file or directory you want to process, including optional filters by file extension.

```bash
python3 -m filename_suggestion_ai.main -dir <DIRECTORY> --filter ".py"
```

### Command-Line Arguments
- `-h`, `--help`: Show help message and exit.
- `-v`, `--verbose`: Show log messages on screen (default is False).
- `-d`, `--debug`: Activate debug logs (default is False).
- `-f`, `--file`: Path to the file whose content will be sent as user content in the payload.
- `-dir`, `--directory`: Path to the directory containing files to process.
- `-fil`, `--filter`: Filter by file extension (optional).

## FAQ
**Q: Can I filter files by their extensions?**  
A: Yes, you can specify a file extension using the `--filter` argument to filter files based on their extension during processing.

**Q: How do I check the logs generated by the application?**  
A: Logs are stored in the `logs` directory as `main.log`. You can review them for debugging purposes.

## Configuration
Ensure you have the necessary environment variables set up before running the application:
- `MAIN_URL`: The URL for the API endpoint.
- Other configuration settings can be found in the script files under the `filename_suggestion_ai.config` module.

## Features
- Supports processing single or multiple files from a directory.
- Filters files by extension (optional).
- Logs all activities to help with debugging and tracking operations.
- Uses AI for generating file names based on content.

## Topics
- File Processing
- Command Line Interface (CLI)
- Logging
- Artificial Intelligence Integration

## Todo

- Add support for various LLM clients
    - [x] LM Studio
    - [] Ollama

## Considerations
- Ensure the directory or file paths provided are correct to avoid errors during processing.
- The application assumes that the API endpoint and system configurations are set up correctly before use.
